ID-1210	Went to this hotel when visiting nearby national parks with family. Front desk staff was courteous and quickly resolved any questions we had. Our 2-queen bed room was clean and spacious. Room has nice LCD TV, coffee maker, fridge, microwave, massaging shower heads, and good mattresses. We stayed for 2 nights and room was well cleaned and put together after first night with coffee packs refilled. Overall very satisfied.
ID-1036	Over the holidays, we stayed at the Westin in St. Louis,MO. The hotel is stunning! It's located right across from the Cardinals Stadium. The hotel staff was very accommodating. We requested more towels at midnight and they were up there within minutes! The rooms were absolutely gorgeous. The beds were extremely comfortable. My daughter loved that there was a phone in the bathroom! Great experience overall.
ID-1262	Beautiful resort with excellent views of the ocean. The large pool with pool bar was an excellent place to chill and unwind with my wife while we glanced over the kids playing in the various parts of the pool. Extremely close to the beach, which had the right amount of people that you didn't feel alone, but certainly didn't feel cramped for space. Very nice, friendly staff that gave off the calm, Caribbean vibe. Couldn't of asked for a better resort.
ID-1162	This is a fantastic botique hotel in Portland, Oregon. All the rooms are suites and include a kitchenette. This hotel is great for small families because it allows you ample space and you have the kitchen included where you can prepare some meals in order to save on some food costs while on vacation. The best part is that there are piles of Starbursts candies throughout the hotel available for the taking!
ID-1174	Headed up to Massachusetts for the New England Folk Festival in Mansfield. We booked in at the North Attleboro Super 8, since it was the closest place that had really reasonable rates. What a pleasant surprise to find an inn so clean, comfortable and well-appointed at this price level. The beds were firm, the room was roomy and the in-room fridge was a welcome convenience. In the mornings, we picked up bagels, butter, peanut butter, preserves, cereal, juice, milk and coffee from the free breakfast buffet in the lobby and took them back to the dining area in our room where we supplemented them with cheese, cucumbers and hardboiled eggs that we kept in the fridge. We were able to start each day with a hearty breakfast with no real expense of either time or money. You can be sure we’ll be back there again next year.
ID-1266	The Beachcomber Resort & Villas is what makes South Florida, South Florida. The moment I walked in I was taken back by the beautiful decor, and greeted by friendly staff. I was able to check in quickly, and with no hassle. The room was more amazing then expected! It had a BEAUTIFUL view! I looked out and saw ALL of Ft. Lauderdale on a crystal clear day. At this point, I decided I’d rather be on the beach then look at it, and no sooner then that I walked out the back door of the hotel, and was right on the beach. Beachcomber is amazing, the rooms, the service, the amenities all exceeded my very high expectations.
ID-1274	Absolutely a great hotel for families! The rooms are spacious, restaraunts are very kid-friendly, and the pool area is gorgeous. My children felt like they were at a water park, not just another hotel. We will definitely return for another stay here!
ID-1146	We had an incredible stay at The XV Beacon. It started with an upgrade to a gorgeous room. The hotel is in a quaint part of Boston hand the rooms are on the smaller side. However, this is made up for with the service and the decor. The room is so luxurious and comfortable. The bed linens are the highest quality I have ever seen in a hotel. The bath products are amazing as well. Everywhere you look there are wonderful details. from bowls of fruit for the taking throughout the hotel to embossed leather walls in the elevator. The staff knew us by name each time we passed through the lobby and always went out of their way to be friendly towards our young daughter. The location can't be beat either. it's like staying with a friend in their brownstone in Beacon Hill. I would never stay anywhere else in Boston.
ID-1074	The Holiday Inn near the stadium in Philly was one of the highlights of my trip last summer. I was there for a weekend to take in the sights and watch a playoff game at the ballpark. The customer staff was very professional and even told me of a discount that I was eligible for, which I had no idea about, and it saved me almost $20 per night! The room was perfectly clean and the beds were just as comfortable as mine at home, so I slept soundly the entire time I was there. The WiFi was great and the restaurant was even better the couple of times that I ate there. All in all, it was a very pleasent experience and I can't wait for my team to play in Philly again so I can revisit that Holiday Inn!
ID-1064	A night at the Hotel Roanoke is a charming experience and the perfect overnight getaway. there are many venues to experience from enjoying a quality gourmet meal in The regency room to enjoy the luxury of late night drinks in the Pine Room, complimentary big cookies waiting for us in our room. A walkway connects the hotel with the downtown shops, restaurants and large farmer's market.  The opportunity of exploration are endless in this beautiful city, Roanoke it self being known as the festival city of Virginia always has something going on form the festival in the park to Dickens of a Christmas its a amazing place to visit
ID-1246	The San Francisco Marriot at Union Square is an amazing hotel. I stayed there for three days during the summer of 2011. First of all the location of the hotel in Union Square is great because of all the shops and restaurants nearby and because of its proximity to many interesting San Francisco hot spots. When I entered the hotel I was greeted by the receptionist who had my reservation ready and who offered me many ideas as to what to do in the city whenever I left the hotel. My room was spectacular and had a nice big window in which I could see Union Square and all the commotion going on the street, which is nice when you're in a big city and can see all the city lights. The beds were nice and clean which is always a big concern of mine and the bathroom was equipped with many towels and toiletries, which was also really nice. There is absolutely nothing I can complain about seeing as the location, the hotel amenities, and my room were all wonderful. I would definitely stay there again.
ID-1046	This place is a piece of heaven on earth. As we drove up, we heard the sound of the ocean crashing against the rocks. The building was very open and inviting. The hotel staff greeted us with smiling faces, and offered to help immediately. The grounds to the hotel are well manicured and very lush. The rooms are luxurious. The beds, with their down comforters and fluffy pillows, provided the best rest. The soaps and lotions were heavenly. The lobby had nice areas to relax, and the beach access is as good as it gets. In addition, the pools are quite nice. There is even a slide for the kids and an outdoor bar for lounging and snacking, or drinks. The entire family enjoyed the stay.
ID-1160	Howard Johnson hotels are the best value for your money and your time. The staff there are very helpful and friendly, and the hotel itself is immaculate. Our family really loved the idea of bringing Fido on our vacation with us, and this hotel accommodated that for us. My children absolutely loved this place and everything about it. They were amazed at the sight of an indoor pool, and delighted when I told them they could go swimming. The hotel also had one of the best complimentary breakfast Ive had at a hotel. There was a huge selection of food. The rooms are big and spacious, so we had no problem fitting everyone in comfortably. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to get away, whether that be with or without family. One of the best hotel experiences of my life!
ID-1230	This hotel was absolutely beautiful as soon as I walked into the lobby. There are a lot of places to relax downstairs with lots of comfy chairs. The room had a great view of the town and it was a great place to relax. The bed was very soft and I had no trouble sleeping. There is a pool downstairs if you want to enjoy the weather, and the attached bar and restaurant are convenient.
ID-1194	My wife, two-year old son and I stayed at La Quinta Inn in Garland, Texas during our vacation this Spring Break. The staff was very nice and accomodating. They quickly brought up a crib for our son soon after we requested one. The room was clean and very spacious. Our bed was also comfortable. A great breakfast came free with the stay. They offered scrambled eggs, waffles, cereals, pastries, and much more. We had a great stay here. It only cost us about $80 a night.
ID-1134	My husband and I were recently on a business trip to Seattle that coincided with his birthday; while he was working one day I made a spur-of-the-moment decision to celebrate by whisking him away to Victoria, British Columbia for the weekend. I booked a package deal which included ferry tickets, a champagne brunch, and two nights at the famed Fairmont Empress hotel.  I kept our hotel location a secret from my husband until we arrived, and I'm so glad I did! After we docked and cleared customs and emerged into the brisk air, we rounded a corner, and got our first look at the majestic old building. It honestly looked like a storybook castle with its pitched gables, gothic Victorian architecture and a fresh dusting of snow. We both audibly gasped.   Once inside, the front desk was busy with other guests from the ferry. My husband and I stood in line but took turns slipping away to poke around the warm, elegant lobby. It had fascinating objects like model steamships and faded photographs of royal and celebrity guests enjoying the hotel's various amenities over the years. We were therefore in a good mood when the customer in front of us threw what might politely be termed a tantrum. The young clerk handled the matter professionally and quickly. By the time she got to us she was incredibly apologetic. By the time we walked away from the desk, we not only had a seriously upgraded room (with a harbor view and free wi-fi) but a lovely written invitation to enjoy a complimentary birthday dessert in the Bengal Lounge! Amazing.  This hotel is wildly romantic in the snow; because of it we stayed largely inside, snuggled into impossibly comfortable sheets and pillows in our luxuriously appointed suite, sampling the abundance of delicious teas (the Empress is famous for their Afternoon Tea service) our room offered. We had breakfast in front of a roaring fire in the Empress Room, which featured heavy dark wood, intricate carvings and ornate candelabra hung amongst tapestries and paintings. We had delicious champagne and curry at night in the Bengal room, overseen by a full-sized tiger (skin, anyway).   This hotel was one of the few I've ever stayed in that I can actually say I was content to just spend time in; wandering various floors, exploring some fascinating history and relaxing in the refined yet comfortable ambiance.  A once in a lifetime stay!
ID-1202	Staying at the Bon Aire on St. Pete Beach is by far the best vacation experience I have ever had in my life. The landscaping is beautiful! I couldn't believe all of the different colored flowers and plants. Also the hotel rooms were great. Everything was kept very sanitary, and the layout of the room couldn't have been better. In my opinion, the greatest plus to have staying at the Bon Aire was being able to get food and drinks all day from Sandbar Bills. Sandbar Bills makes one of the greatest cheese burgers I have ever had in my life. Everything about this resort is just all around amazing, including the location. Right across the street from the resort is a Walgreens that is open 24/7! At night when Sandbar Bills is closed, I could walk across the street and buy a snack. In conclusion, I would recommend staying at the Bon Aire over any other place if you are coming to visit St. Pete Beach. You will not be disappointed!
