ID-0883	My stay at the Jameson Inn in Lafayette, LA was absolutely horrible. The room was dirty and antiquated. The walls must have been paper thin as I heard every other guest in the entire building. Additionally, guests were venturing in at all hours of the night and I was unable to sleep at all due to the noise. The staff was not friendly and refused to address any of my complaints. I would never stay here again.
ID-0869	We stayed at the Days in on 39th in Brooklyn for about 5 days in December. My daughter needed to find a place to live and register for school. This was the cheapest hotel we could find in Brooklyn. We thought it would be really bad but it was actually worse. There were bed bugs and we brought them home with us. eeeeeek! The staff were very helpful when we needed to get a cab. There was a free buffet breakfast. It was edible and the coffee was great. For the money it would have been fine but getting rid of the bed bugs was a nightmare.
ID-0829	I was in town for my friend’s wedding and stayed the weekend at this Days Inn. I have stayed in many Days Inn in the past, but this one was horrible. The room smelled like stale cigarettes and mildew. I had to buy some Lysol and spray it on every cover of the room and bed. I think something was biting in bed and when I pulled the sheet back. I saw dead insects under underneath the sheets I was laying on. The water ran slowly so it was hard to take a quick bath or brush my teeth. There were all kinds of huge spot on the carpet from old spills or leaks. When I complained to the front desk, he was not very helpful. The hotel was full and other hotels had no vacancies because it was “Bike Weekend”. I will never stay at this Days Inn again and will not recommend it to any of my friends. They have lost a customer for life.
ID-0939	After reading so many negative reviews of the Lafayette Hotel in San Diego, I felt like people must be just spoiled with modern hotel amenities and do not appreciate accommodations that are steeped in history. I was wrong. I am an optimist, and my positive thinking lasted all the way up the stairs and up to about 15 minutes after I got to the room. At first, the hotel lobby seemed dated and plain, but I felt that I could appreciate the character it had. Then we went up a staircase that was a little spooky, and finally, we got into our room. The carpet looked soiled, the bedspread seemed itchy, the bathroom was very dated, and the air conditioning was set into the window with a gap between the unit and the window itself. We had a child with us, and the windows came down so low, with no security gate or bars. The worst part was probably the lack of ventilation. It was summertime, and the air was stuffy in the room. Not at all the crisp, cool feel you look for during a summer getaway. We left the same day and found a room at the LaQuinta with a much better room and an even better rate.
ID-0839	We travel as a family to the Florida's Space Coast several times per year and stay in hotels for 3-4 days at a time. This year we visited Doubletree by Hilton in Melbourne FL during the holiday season. The hotel's website gave an appearance of being an upscale hotel on the beach. When we arrived the hotel was not what we expected. Parking was difficult. The hotel was under construction and we were constantly running into workers in the lobby and elevator. On our first night's stay I had to call the front desk several times because maintenance was still working on the room next to us after 9pm and there was constant hammering. The water for showers was lukewarm at best and the room was small for a suite. Also there was NO internet available for the hotel rooms so we had to go to the lobby every time we wanted to to a web search for restaurants, surf board rentals or other vacation necessities. The housekeeping staff ignored our request for clean towels even though we called the front desk several times and on the last day of our stay we were down to 1 hand towel for 4 people. I would never recommend this hotel because of the poor level of service and concern for the customer.
ID-0983	Upon check in at the hotel the front desk person was very rude, and attenitive in the least. The room was dirty, and the jaccuzi was filthy and out dated.
ID-0931	Stay away from this hotel!!! My fiance and I ended up staying at a Motel 6 on vacation due to their popularity and decent reputation, and especially for the fair pricing, however, this experience was something that was almost enough to ruin our entire trip. The room had no working air conditioner, and it was summer!!! No matter how many times we informed the front desk, they didn't send out maintenance. The sheets had yellow stains, and the entire room smelled awful. The shower head had terrible water pressure, but, this again was something that was never fixed. Eventually we just ended up leaving the hotel and paying double price for a hotel of the same caliber. Absolutely awful experience.
ID-0977	This is one of the worst places to stay. The hotel is next to railroad tracks, and the trains were running and blowing the horn day and night. When the train wasn't loud, the traffic on the busy street nearby was. The rooms were dirty and had some empty soda bottles in it. Our room was still not ready two hours after we were told it would be ready. We were so desperate to get in our room to change our clothes for a family reunion that we helped the maid make the bed. Do not stay here.
ID-0823	Staff was very rude and unfriendly, made checking in to the hotel a pain. Breakfast in the mornings was cold and unenjoyable. Rooms were only mediocre.
ID-1017	I stayed at the Super 8 location in East Lansing, Michigan. It was cheap, but there's a good reason for that- the entire place is a wreck. The staircases up to the motel rooms were filthy, and some of the glass attached to the railing was broken. Once you got to the room, the carpets were discolored, and the room had a strange, pungent smell to it. I wouldn't stay there again.
ID-0945	Well to start, there is mice the laundry room. The side balconies are very weak, made from debilitated wood that is almost 50 years old. The rooms are very drafty. The rooms come with television, that is choson by who is in the office at the time. They can change your programming right in the middle of your show! The rooms are badly painted, they are extremely little. They took the wifi extenders out, which makes internet very hard to get from this location. To be honest we HAVE to use the Ramadas internet to get internet connection. The whole back building is full of sex offenders. The sex offenders are made to work on the rest of the property throughout the day, which makes conditions for safety of kids very poor. That about does it.
ID-0897	I really wanted to like the Lemon tree Hotel. However- the king size bed was so hard, I didn't get any sleep for two nights (and I was 7 months pregnant at the time!). The futon in the kitchen/living room of our suite wasn't any better. When we told the front desk person, she looked irked.The fan in the bathroom was so loud, that we ended up not turning the light on (light and fan were connected) when we used the toilet or showered. Speaking of lights, they were so oddly placed and the light switches were not near the lights that they operated. The free breakfast was picked over by the time we got there at 8am both days, but they did restock the pastries and the coffee creamer (begrudgingly!), once they saw us standing there (or overheard us talking about going elsewhere).
ID-0929	When I visited this hotel, I thought everything was going to be great. It's appearance was not too shabby, but as soon as I got to the room, my opinion began to change. The room was nowhere near the quality that the rest of the hotel was; it only came with the basics, and nothing more. I would have expected more from a nicer hotel. The other surprising thing about this hotel was the staff. I did not feel secure at all. When I first came to my room to find my wife, she was not there (and I did not have a key). I simply came to the door, knocked, and waited one second. The maid down the hall came over and let me in the room. I could have been some stranger that was knocking on someone's room! I will not go back to that hotel because of this safety issue. Thank you.
ID-0801	We were visiting Salem and only stayed one night at this location. The room felt...and smelled dirty. It smelled like it had at one point been a smoking room that they were attempting to cover up and re-purpose as a non smoking room. The water in the hotel also had a funny taste and there were no alternatives to tap water provided that they were not charging a ridiculous amount for. All in all any mildly redeeming qualities did not make up for the sanitary levels of the room we stayed in.
ID-0923	The inclusion of insects in your hotel room isn't anything to be thrilled about. The motel 6 hotelier establishments typically have permissable conditions, however a particular experience of mind was quite atrocious. The room had a faint odor or must to it that denoted mold or mildew in the bathroom area. Also the maids or cleaning staff enter your room without knocking first, promptly apologizing however the damage has already been done. I do not appreciate people unlocking my door at a whim's notice and having complete unhindered access to my valuables which are extremely important. Documents such as my passport and my wallet were placed into the electrical safe only to find that the safe did NOT lock and opened with a universal key code of 00000. I will not be returning to this hotel if I can help it.
ID-0871	This was our first and only stay at the Ambassador hotel in New Orleans. When arriving we had to wait for five minutes before anyone even asked us about checking in. We paid for a deluxe room only to find that the room did not have a window looking to the outside. I must point out I said a window looking to the outside as we did in fact have a window looking out into the hallway? Also it had flimsy blinds covering the window, hardly blocking anyone from looking right in at the bed. It was mid-may in New Orleans which means its already hotter than a firecracker on the fourth of July, the air conditioning would barely work even after we left it on full blast for 6 hours. The only way to tell it was even on beside the rumbling of the motor was to lay your face on the vent to feel the semi cool air. After complaining to the hotel staff we were brushed off and never was able to get a hold of them again. I would HIGHLY not recommend this hotel to anyone, not even my worst enemy. As the room may bake you alive with the heat and the staff just do not care.
ID-0795	This hotel was mediocre. It did not live up to the hilton hype. It was not priced correctly for the service I got. It was nothing in particular that caught my eye. The lobby looked like a HG t.v. magazine threw up in it. The indoor pool might as well had been outside due to the fact it was a random pigeon flying about freely. The food was not as well prepared as I had expected. The menu was drab and had a small selection. I really thought I was ordering from a kids menu. The room I was in had such a filthy carpet. It was like the people before me threw a party then checked out when I checked in. The bed was ok, but for 123 dollars a nite it should have been stellar. The bathroom was also a little let down. The tub could barely fit my husband. I would not ask anyone to pay for a stay here. I paid the hilton price for a motel six stay.
