ID-1200	When other hotels in the area were either fully booked or offering sky-high rates, the Extended Stay America in Burbank was a great option. There was ample parking, easy access to local freeways, and the room itself was clean and comfortable. The best part was the kitchen that carried all of the pans, dishes, and utensils we needed. It was right in a huge shopping center, which was very convenient.
ID-1066	This hotel was a very nice and affordable stay. The beds were comfortable and it had cable. The shower worked great, and the continental breakfast included a nice variety of foods. I would definitely stay here again.
ID-1244	I stayed in this hotel while I was on vacation. This is an amazing hotel. Lobby is huge and my kids really enjoyed the time we spent there. TV was big size and very crystal clear. Bed was clean and everything was very organized. Staff was very quick in responding to phone calls. I went to checkout the bar at night and to my surprise it was also very big and lot of options for beer. Overall great experience!
ID-1188	The first time visiting a city you've never been in is scary. Luckily, my friend booked me a place at embassy suites, and it wasn't so sad anymore. It has a great view from the 7th floor and the lights at night are fantastic. It's in walking distance from the North Point mall in Alpharetta, GA and I just about went there everyday. I practically spent all my money going to the mall and eating out everyday, but it was a fabulous time. The hotel itself has a beautiful interior and the one I stayed at had a free breakfast, an indoor pool and a bar. What more can you ask for? The staff at the hotel were very polite and accommodating and it was just a pleasant experience staying here. I would definitely choose this hotel again when I'm nearby and need a place to stay.
ID-1072	The Microtel in Charlotte, North Carolina is a nice place to stay. It is located just a short distance of the Charlotte-Douglas Airport. It is clean and inexpensive, a perfect combination for a traveler on a budget. I stayed there when visiting a NASCAR race in the area. The hotel was roomy, the hotel staff was friendly and informative, and I enjoyed relaxing there. The beds and pillows were soft. I enjoyed my stay there and would gladly stay there again. 4 out of 5 stars.
ID-1124	The Ocean Creek Resort in Myrtle Beach is the Best!The Hotel is situated on the water in Myrtle Beach and has several pools for both adults and children. Because of the location near a creek the water is great for little children. The rooms are spacious and bright. the staff is very friendly and accommodating to your needs. The ocean side bar is perfect for sitting back and listening to music.
ID-1222	My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at The Flamingo Las Vegas. We very much enjoyed our experience there! The Flamingo is located at the center of the Strip and we were in short walking distance to tons of restaurants and other hotels. Our room had floor to ceiling windows with an AMAZING view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The room was updated with a very large flat screen TV in the living room and even a small TV in the bathroom mirror! Check-in was very quick and easy and all of the staff were extremely friendly. The hotel wasn't stuffy or uppity like other hotels we have been to on the Vegas Strip. The grounds were superbly kept and extremely peaceful at night.   We ate at the various places in the hotel several times and were pleased with each experience. Margaritaville had a great atmosphere and great service. We ordered room service for breakfast and the french toast was amazing!   My husband and I plan to return to Vegas this year and will be staying at the Flamingo again. You just can't beat the price and location!
ID-1150	The Melia hotel in Atlanta was exceptionally nice. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. They have a nice bar and grill inside the hotel that was very lively. I enjoyed the overall atmosphere and it was walking distance to the Georgia Aquarium and the Coke building. The price was reasonable considering the location. My room rate including a great breakfast buffet. I was with my daughter visiting the Georgia Aquarium and considering I did not have to spend money on a taxi or buy breakfast, I figured I saved at least $50 each day or $100 total. I would stay again.
ID-1184	We went to Sycuan as a birthday trip for my husband. Even though the hotel and casino are seperate it was nice because it may the environment at the resort a lot more peaceful. When I made my reservation online, I ordered a dessert tray to be delivered to our room as a surpise for my husband. We were only in the room for 5 or 10 minutes when there was a knock on our door from room service delivering our treats. The dessert tray was amazing! We not only had chcoclate dipped strawberries and fresh baked cookies, but also a GIANT piece of triple chocolate cake. We almost didn't make it to the casino because we almost slipped into a food coma from all the sweets. What also made our stay really nice was the fact that they had free transportation to and from the casino. You could call from your room, and be picked up outside of your room to be driven to the casino. The bus runs 24 hours so it didn't matter if we went late at night or in the middle of the day. The drive is only 5 minutes and they drop you off right in front of the casino. After being in the casino we got picked up and driven back to our room. We had such a great night's sleep and there was no rush to check-out on time.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants the comfort of a resort with the entertainment of a casino. I will definately go back again.
ID-1082	This hotel is conveniently located just blocks from the world-famous Waikiki beach. The room price was very reasonable, and the hotel had a lot of great amenities, such as a pool, hot tub, bar, restaurant, and gift shop. The room was quite comfortable with a great view of the city, although I know that for a little more money nightly, the hotel also provides rooms that have an ocean view. The room was secure. It had a nice bathroom with a hair dryer. It also had a closet with hangers, and an ironing board and iron. There was a fairly large safe in the room where I could store important belongings while I was out, just for added security. There was a television, a refrigerator, and a coffee pot. There was also internet for a small daily fee. The hotel is not only located close to the beach, but also to a lot of shops and restaurants. It is right on the bus line, so it is very easy to just walk outside the hotel and catch a bus to virtually anywhere on the island, including the Manoa neighborhood, the zoo, or even to Hanauma Bay, which is about an hour's drive away from the Waikiki area. Furthermore, I really liked the hotel lobby--it is a nice open air lobby with tables to sit at and have breakfast. There is a lovely fountain and koi pond. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget, but would like to experience Hawaii nonetheless.
ID-1060	This hotel was incredible. I stayed at the Holiday Inn in Binghamton, NY. The room was a perfect size, they had a mini fridge in the room which was a definite plus. The beds were comfortable and they even had soft and firm pillows! I would rate this 4/5. They were clean, and the staff was respectful. The services were perfect.
ID-1054	This hotel was very accommodating to our needs. It provided a comfortable queen sized bed and a pull-out couch for our daughter to sleep in. The continental breakfast was simple but just enough for our taste. It saved us the trouble of having to pay for breakfast somewhere else. The workout area was nice, as was the pool. Overall, we had a very good experience staying in this hotel.
ID-1052	I recently stayed at the Marriott Beachside Hotel in Key West, the one right off the roadway when you first get into town. It was pure luxury, and has its own private beach, with small boat rentals right there on the property. They have private cabana rentals and a poolside tiki bar. The restaurant is amazing and you can watch the chefs preparing everything right there from your table. It's a little ways from the main action in Key West, but they provide a free shuttle that runs every few minutes and drops you off right on the main strip, in front of the Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville restaurant. It's much quieter to stay off the main strip, and you don't have to worry about parking or driving if you've been partying. And who doesn't party when they go to Key West??
ID-1238	I've stayed at the 16th Street Mall Westin more than 60 nights in the past four years, on a combined business/personal trips. The staff and management of the hotel have always been friendly and guest driven in their service.   Love the hotel's location. In fact the reason I first stayed at the hotel is the fact it's on the 16th Street Mall and within walking distance of our corporate office. In fact after the first trip I stopped renting a car, there just was no need for one. The view of the mountains from the upper floors is breathtaking. The king sized bed has always been world class, as they are in every Westin I've stayed at.  The room comfort and staff friendliness are the reason I stay at this hotel every trip to Denver.
ID-1042	On a cross-country trip, hubby and I decided to stop overnight at this hotel. Upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the front desk and check-in was prompt and quick.  We went to our economy room and quickly found the bathroom facilities were not in working order. The front desk promptly upgraded our room for no charge (although there were many economy rooms still available). After a quick room change we went to check out the pool and hot tub area. The area was clean and well stocked with chairs and towels (and as a bonus, we were the only ones there). The pool was cool and clear, and the hot tup warm. After a quick dip we headed back to our room to enjoy the king size bed, huge flat screen TV, and premium cable. Our stay was very comfortable and no complaints about bed, bedding, or showering facilities.  The continental breakfast was superb. There was fresh fruit, cereal, eggs, and make-your-own waffles. We left filling full, refreshed, and ready for the last leg of our trip. I would recommended this hotel for anyone looking for a nicer hotel on your weekend trip.
ID-1166	The Polynesian Resort Hotel is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had a fabulous time. We especially enjoyed the look and feel of the Polynesian. You feel like you're in the islands.   The service was terrific and the food at the restaurants was very good. There are also great shops inside for shopping.   It's convenient to the parks and you can go to the other hotels in the area.   I would definitely recommend it and we are going back really soon.  Keep up the good work!!!!
ID-1180	I stayed here while attending a SHPE conference in Washington. The accommodations were very nice, the beds were comfortable, the walls were thick, the bathroom was of decent size - I absolutely loved the hotel. The staff was absolutely amazing and very hospitable- they went out of their way to make sure we felt welcome and enjoyed our stay during the event. One of my favorite parts of the hotel was the lobby, simply because it was large, but you couldn't get lost in it. There was always someone there to assist you with exceptional customer service skills. Everyone was very friendly during the stay.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and while some hesitate because of the price, it is really one of the best hotels to stay at in Washington in order to make the stay comfortable and positively memorable.
