ID-1044	The Southernmost Hotel in Key West is absolutely amazing. The location is beautiful, right on the beach with an extremely accessible and clean pool. The rooms were fully updated and featured a beautiful Key West/Island decor. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. They answered all of our questions about Key West thoroughly and offered great recommendations. They even upgraded us to a nicer room upon arrival. The price was not exorbitant. The location was within walking distance to all the attractions on Duval.
ID-1272	We love staying at the Hyatt! We have two little kids, so having an extra sitting room makes our time here so much more pleasant. The boys need to sleep earlier than we do, so we have the freedom here of putting them to bed without having to sit around in the dark waiting for them to fall asleep. We've stayed several times, and have yet to have a dirty room.
ID-1084	Recently I traveled to Phenix City, Alabama to visit my brother who is in the army and stationed in Fort Benning, Georgia. The trip was lengthy and by the time I arrived in Phenix City I was absolutely worn out. I decided to check in at the Quality Inn. I ended up staying there for three nights and enjoyed everything about it. They had the absolute best hot continental breakfast that I have ever had at a hotel and my suite was always clean and stocked with fresh blankets and towels. If I had the opportunity, I would definitely stay there again.
ID-1252	This was a really great hotel to stay at. It has a great location close to Lansing attractions including the Lansing Center, the Breslin, and downtown. In addition to the convenient location, it is also modern and updated and the hotel was clean throughout. The room was very comfortable and cleanliness was not an issue at all. The staff were friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast was a great bonus.
ID-1156	Our family of 4 recently stayed at the International Palms Resort in Cocoa Beach Florida. This is an excellent resort for families with young children. The rooms are accommodating with a large bed and a pullout couch. The kitchenette was also convenient because we could eat breakfast and lunch in our room and only had to buy one meal per day out. We also really liked the on site restaurant on the beach. It was close and the food was good. It also had an upper deck with a full view of the beach. The pool area is absolutely wonderful. There is a large pool for the adults and the children's pool has a pirate ship complete with water cannons and slides. Our stay was very enjoyable and we will be visiting again.
ID-1154	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Fairfield Inn and Suites in downtown Louisville, Kentucky a few weekends ago. The hotel was conveniently located right off I-65 and the hotel provided adequate parking. We arrived before check-in but our room was ready for us. Room decor is modern and colorful and I liked that the bath and lavatory were separate. The hotel was quiet and clean and the complimentary breakfast was one of the best I've had at a hotel -- fresh fruit, homemade waffles, bacon and eggs, etc, etc. Would definitely stay again if travelling to the area.
ID-1208	The Sheraton was divine. It had a trendy decor, great staff, and pleasant atmosphere. It was a bit pricey but it was also very worth it. I didn't have any issues with the staff. They were all very helpful and well trained. My room was like a gateway to heaven. The beds were soft, it was like sleeping on air. The bathroom was built with relaxation in mind. The dining was impeccable. The pool was another get away on its own. They even had a spa. This place exceeded all of my expectations. I couldn't have asked for a better stay.
ID-1268	The Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas is a great place to stay if you're looking for a place to unwind after a your wild nights in Vegas. Upon arriving the first thing you'll notice is there is plenty of easily accessible parking, that won't have you walking too far to get to your room. You'll enter and notice a large lobby with good abeyance and quick service. The food offered inside the hotel is great. The food court offers cuisine from all over the world, for cheap and affordable prices. The Indian food was AWESOME, quick and cheap compared to most of the prices you'll be looking at in Vegas. When I entered my room I was stunned by the size. For the $30 a night rate, I was not expecting a large comfortable room! The bathroom was more comfortable than being home. When do you ever get that? The staff at the Riviera was all sorts of friendly, even helping us find our way around the strip and letting us know some fun places to go that our 20 year old friends, and of-drinking-age friends could all have a blast. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm booking my room at the Riviera.
ID-1138	The Residence Inn Marriott was a fantastic hotel that I have stayed in many times. The staff is extremely friendly and always remember who I am since I travel quite often to this hotel.   The rooms are more than spacious as they boast a full kitchen, full sized couch, flat screen TV, a small dining table and a desk to do work on.   Also, a few nights a week they have free food and drinks on their first floor which is very delightful.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
ID-1104	We stayed here this winter and absolutely LOVED our stay! The service was impeccable and the charm of the hotel was perfect. When we checked in, we were created with frosty glasses of water and were taken to a beautifully appointed guest room. We enjoyed riding bikes around the resort and looking at the beautiful ruins, as well as lounging by the pool with drinks for the fun cocktail bar. The food at each of the hotel restaurants was delicious! We could not have had a better stay and will definitely be returning!!
ID-1094	The Place Inn in Oxnard, CA is a perfect place to stay if you are traveling up the coast of California. The rates range form $25 to $40 a night. Each room has a microwave and a fridge so you can keep all the snacks you want right in your room. The twon of Oxnard is quiet and scenic so you can relax all of your vacation. Some of the rooms also have a large spa that you can relax in. The staff is helpful and room service is always on time.
ID-1108	The Red Roof Inn was an excellent place to stay when i was needing to stay within a budget. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms had enough towels. The reservations clerk was professional. This hotel had a pool that was clean and well kept. The continental breakfast was good and fresh. There was plenty of parking. I felt safe staying there for the night and felt that i had enough privacy.
ID-1168	Hotel Penn is in a great location and at a cheap price. For less than most other hotels in NY, you get to stay in the heart of the city write across from Penn Station/MSG and a few blocks away from Times Square, Macy's, and many subway stops. The rooms aren't too small, and our room even had a view of the Empire State Building! The hotel is also surrounded by tons of cheap restaurants, and it is perfect for a tourist!
ID-1142	In 2010 my girlfriend and I decided to take a trip Puerto Rico as a reward to ourselves for graduating college. During the time, we were looking for vacation spots, we went on a website that offered great vacation packages. One of the packages included the Wyndham Rio Mar. My girlfrind and I immediately paid for this four night (air fair inclusive) trip. We originally did not know what to expect as the reviews for the hotel were good and bad. But this wasn't a deal breaker. Upon arrival to the Wyndham Rio Mar, we were impressed with the service, up-keep, and views from the hotel. The reviews certainly did not justice for the expereince we were about to have. The hotel was in an excellent location on th beach. We were within a mile of snorkling, horesback riding, and mountain climbing. We also wanted to travel into the city which they offered a shuttle and it was only a few miles away. The hotel also had four different restaurants within the hotle and a conference area. Overall the food was also great. The only drwaback was that is wasn't all-inclusive (Bummer). But all in all, this was an amazing experience.
ID-1128	This hotel is very affordable when my family takes trips to Lake Mead. You can find affordable rooms all year long and it is a very short drive to the lake and to the Hoover Dam. There is a gas station across the street and a casino, bar, buffet, and restaurant downstairs. They also have ice machines that are conveniently located, a game room for the kids and a decent sized pool and jacuzzi. They also have car spots that are ideal for those parking their cars with trailers. They have a small theatre where they show movies at a low price. The customer service is great. When we had an issue with a barking dog next door, we were bumped up to a mini suite in the small tower. It was great! I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Lake Mead.
ID-1078	I decided to stay at the Japan House Suites thinking that it would be just like any other motel and for the amazing rate I figured the rooms wouldn't be all that great. But, boy was I WRONG. The owners were very nice, helpful, and have AMAZING customer service. The rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. And in the morning they make a made to order breakfast, which steak and eggs is one of the items on the menu. I couldn't believe this great hotel that i found especially for such a bargain!
ID-1206	The Wynn hotel was one of the grandest hotels I've ever had the pleasure to stay in. The shopping is truly the best of all the hotels on the strip! The rooms were ample in size and very modern in the decor. It was five star all the way! My husband loved the sports book and said it was the best of all he has been to. He should know he has been coming to Vegas since the '72. The night life there was fantastic. Surrender is now one of my alltime fav clubs to go to. Let me mention the view was incredible from our rooms. The water falls were beautiful too! I LOVE THE WYNN
