ID-1112	I stay at Great Wolf Lodge at least 3 times a year, its a great place to have fun with your family and friends. this place is amazing , It has a giant Indoor water park, with water slides and lazy river. The best part is you can go year round because the indoor water park is climate controlled. they have several activities for children to do year round, such as a wizard quest, and during the holidays they have a christmas play. these hotels are a great way to get a way from your everyday life for the weekend. access to the water park is included with your stay. If you get tired of swimming you can head down to the arcade and enjoy arcade games, and air hockey. This is vacation where you don't have to ever leave the hotel. for adults, you can enjoy their many restaurants and fine eating establishments.
ID-1234	The Kalahari is a great place to take your kids for a quick vacation. I went to the Kalahari a few months ago and had a blast. The whole hotel is rainforest themed, which creates a vacation feel, almost like Disney World. The indoor water park is phenomenal. Kids and adults alike will enjoy all of the entertainment that the Kalahari has.
ID-1182	I stayed here several times while visiting friends in Blaine. The staff are very friendly and everything you could ever need is actually within walking distance. Pizza Hut is next door, which is awesome! They also have free doughnuts every morning along with juice and coffee. The room I stayed in was very clean and smelled nice. I slept better there than at home. Even with the motorway practically across the street it was very quiet and peaceful. I'll definitely be back!
ID-1098	The Westin in Virginia Beach is by far my favorite hotel, which is why I keep going back. The fluffy white bedspreads and crisp white sheets will make you feel like royalty. The staff is very courteous and respectful, and the room service is prompt and delicious. I had to take pictures of my eggs benedict because it was plated so elegantly!! They offer a lobby bar and restaurant, a Starbucks, and a fitness center, with some bedrooms having fitness equipment in them. There are tons of restaurants and shops only a block away from the hotel! The rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms. The attention to detail is apparent- from the folded toilet paper to the elegant leaf-shaped soap! Everything is fresh, bright and shiny! I wish I could live at the Westin! You too will get the royal treatment here!
ID-1120	We stayed at The Oread in the Fall for a work conference and had a wonderful time. The staff greeted us as we entered and directed us to our rooms. The architecture is beautiful, with rock walls lining both the inside and outside of the establishment. It almost felt like we were in a castle. Our room was nice and clean and was well-appointed. There were granite counters and a comfortable bed. The pillows were so great that I actually asked to purchase one before we left, and they said since they get that request so often, I could order one to be shipped to my house. Overall, it was a great stay and I will stay there again when I am in the area.
ID-1228	I had a wonderful, relaxed stay at the Huntley Hotel. I wasn't staying in the priciest room, but all the staff treated me like I had reserved the penthouse. The desk clerk even helped me locate my wallet after I left it in the hotel restaurant. In addition to beautiful rooms and a kind staff, the Huntley boasts a location barely two blocks from the Santa Monica beach. When I wasn't enjoying the amenities of the hotel, I was lounging in the sun.
ID-1106	I took a trip to New York for a couple of days with my two daughters and we decided to splurge and stay at the Doubletree in Times Square. We booked a small suite on a mid level floor and were very excited by our room. The decor was exciting, bright colored and contemporary. Everything was comfortable and the bathroom was somewhat luxorious. We tried the exercize room too. It was quite nice and we were the only people in it. The reception area was stylish and appealing and the hotel staff were helpful and freindly. No one was snobby even though we were paying over $400 per night. We all had a great time at the Doubletree and felt welcome and comfortable.
ID-1258	I stayed at this hotel with my family last summer. A big plus for us was that they accepted pets so we were able to bring our dogs on vacation with us. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the rooms were neat and clean. We really liked the fact that there were separate areas for us to walk our dogs and for our child to play. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will most likely be staying there in the future.
ID-1116	This the best hotel for the money that I paid to stay there for a week last summer. Very decent breakfast and friendly staff. Internet was free and fast. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and looking forward to my next stay there this summer.
ID-1102	The hotel was enjoyable because the price was reasonable and the service was quick.
ID-1212	I've stayed at this hotel several times and always had a positive experience. The rooms are nicely furnished and in good condition, and always kept clean. Likewise, linens have always been clean and bathroom towels are plentiful. The water in the shower actually gets hot and stays that way (I've stayed in places where taking a shower is a risky experience!). On our most recent visit we ordered a cot for our daughter and were pleasantly surprised to receive a twin-sized roll-away bed that was just as comfortable as the regular beds--and without any extra cost.
ID-1224	Hampton Inn and Suites in Lakeland Florida was a great place to stay! We stayed for a Dance competition for my daughter who is 12. the staff was great, the rooms were all on the same floor and we even had a free hot breakfast! I loved this hotels location, it was in the middle of a shopping mall and the girls loved to go out there and walk around or go to the movies all while staying at the hotel A+ Location and service!
ID-1270	This hotel and resort is wonderful for family events. The three pools are an added bonus. There are many activities to enjoy year round.
ID-1248	My stay at the Rennaissance hotel in Ft. Lauderdale coincided with the wedding of a dear friend. My initial plans for a place to stay fell through and I had to book a room at the Rennaissance after arriving in the area. The booking staff on the phone was very helpful and the rates were great considering I was reserving for a stay that would begin that very night.  I was very happy with the amenities at the hotel. There is a more than ample parking lot. The lobby was fit for an art museum, and the food was scrumptious. The room we stayed in was beautiful and overlooked the pool and a lake. Our bed was very comfortable and we slept like babies.   Overall the service at the Rennaissance was impeccable. The concierge was extremely helpful, polite, and responsive. If I ever need to be in the area again, I'll make this hotel my first choice.
ID-1226	I love staying at the La Quinta Inn everytime we travel! Their rooms are always clean, many have awesome pools, and we always are able to get a generous military discount (my husband is in the Army.) The first time we stayed, I was unaware of their military discount, and my husband wasn't with me. The clerk started to ring me up, and then noticed my husband's dog tags around my neck. She offered me the discount...that has stuck with me, because she didn't have to do that, but she went above and beyond for us. Also, the La Quinta almost always has rooms for large families available, which can be hard to find (we are a family of 6.) I would recomend them to anyone!
ID-1132	I thought that this hotel was great. The resort was huge, had many pools, and offered many dinning options. They also had a shuttle that would take you to all the different theme parks as well as many on sight activities to do everyday of the week. You could do paddle boats, play tennis and basketball, and play a round of mini-golf.
ID-1232	i recently visited The W hotel in New Orleans(downtown)for the first time and it was best hotel ive ever been too. First of all, the hotel is beautiful!! The valet is prompt and courteous. I was even given a bottle of Voss water upon entrance...for free!! The check-in girl was polite and gave me a free room upgrade. My room was immaculate and beautifully decorated. later that night i ordered room service and the food was hot and fresh. i requested a wake up call the next morning and i did receive it on the dot.  Checkout was a breeze and so was retrieval of my vehicle. overall, i give this hotel two thumbs up!
