ID-1025	I have stayed at The Inn At The Convention Center for a total of one week on separate occasions. First, if you can get past the curt responses of the near inhuman clerks in the front office, you will make your way into one of the worst hotel experiences of your life. Taking a trip in the elevator feels as if it will be your last. It is squeaky, smells strongly of cleaning detergents, and runs slowly. Once you arrive on your floor, the smell of cleaning agents is even stronger than the smell of the elevator. It buries itself into one's pores and haunts your entire stay. As for the location, it's true that the Inn At The Convention Center is near major freeways and minutes from downtown, but the area it's located in is terrible, offering nothing in the way of good food or culture. It is a haven for young party animals, noise included. Additionally, the wi-fi is terrible, if and when it works at all.You would be better off saving your money for a different hotel in a different location. You won't be sorry you did.
ID-0971	Located in downtown Jefferson, Texas, this Victorian style hotel is sure to please. With the Lamanche's Italian Restaurant found right beside this historical hotel, one doesn't need to go far to find comfort of mind or body. Each room hosts a cable television and personal baths, and the bedding is comfortable. Each piece of furniture within the rooms is maintained very well to further the Victorian feel.For any who are interested in the paranormal, and find themselves traveling to Jefferson for first hand accounts, they will find many a story of the odd visitations that others have had in certain rooms. Any who are less acceptable of paranormal activities can enjoy the calm and quiet of other well-decorated rooms. With a friendly, personable staff to complete a pleasant stay, one can't veer wrong by visiting the Jefferson Hotel.
ID-0813	The Hotel was Horrible!!!! I mean it stank! I ordered a room with a Niagara Falls view, but I barely saw it. I guess the room itself was fine, but don't even get me started with the food. It was sick! I am a vegetarian and I prefer not to eat on the same plate as meat was served on, but they completely disrespected my beliefs!! You can make an obvious hint that bacon was served on it!!
ID-1001	The hotel was pretty nice on the outside for the most part, but when we got to the hallway our room was on the wall paper was in the middle of being replaced so it was all torn down, the carpets were getting ripped up. If they were in the middle of renovations I wish they just put us in a different hallway, or at least given us a discount.
ID-0993	A family-oriented motel well off the beaten path. Most guest rooms are family units that can be separated into two sleeping areas - one with a queen bed, the other with two twins - by a tacky folding vinyl wall. Third floor accommodations feature wood-burning fireplaces with gas starters. All have ocean views and are equipped with direct-dial phones, mini-refrigerators, and coffee makers. Rooms are clean, but decor is minimal and desperately in need of refurbishing.
ID-0953	When I checked into the hotel, I was informed the elevator was not working. I had to truck up the stairs, with my luggage, by self. I was provided no help from the staff. The air conditioner was broken, which created a very stuffy room. When I took a shower, the stopper was stuck shut, so by the end of the shower, the water was almost overflowing.
ID-0847	I love San Francisco and any chance I get I love to take a trip there. The last time I chose to stay at The Argonaut as I had always heard good things about the hotel. Sadly, the good reviews were either grossly exaggerated or there has been some major changes to the way the hotel runs things lately. The hotel staff were rude, snobbish and always seemed to be busy with some other thing whenever I needed help. Given the price of the hotel, I expected five star service, but was treated like I was some duty and obligation they quickly wanted to get rid of. Overall, my experience at the hotel was so sub-par that I'll probably never return to the hotel, no matter how great a location on Fisherman's Wharf it is.
ID-0827	Reminded me of a carnivalThe hotel was nice enough, but it's just crawling with people. It reminded me of a carnival--swarming with people everywhere like ants, and wherever you turn there's shops and shopkeepers trying to get you to spend money. The hotel is surrounded by shops, and as if that's not enough, Ala Moana shopping center is close by (more crowds and shops)! We checked out the famous Diamond Head beach which is close by and it was also just crowded with tourists.I felt so far removed from the actual natural beauty and charm of Hawaii and couldn't wait to get out of there! I ended up staying at a quiet B&B in Kailua instead--much more peaceful and beautiful.
ID-0889	This hotel was one of the worst I have ever stayed in! When we arrived, the sheets were stained and smelled unclean. The bathroom had not been touched. There was no toilet paper or complimentary shampoos. The television did not even work. When we called the front, it took two hours for someone to come up and turn our room over. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!
ID-0875	Although it was very cheap, this hotel still wasn't worth the money. The sink didn't work, there was no toilet paper, and the room was in dire need of repair. Dents and stains on the wall were unsightly and even with all the locks on the door, the people standing around all day outside my room made me feel uneasy. I would not recommend this hotel.
ID-0807	I stayed at the Adam's Mark Buffalo for an extended stay. While I was there I became very unsatisfied with the hotel as a whole. The maid and restaurant staff were not only unfriendly but at times down right rude. The hotel had bed bugs and leaking windows which ruined some of my belongings. The food, even a fruit salad would take over an half hour to arrive when you could see the staff sitting around and talking. I heard multiple rude or sexual comments from the staff. The carpets were dirty and smelled.
ID-0955	I picked this hotel because I thought the location looked good, and while it is not too far from downtown or South Congress, a car is required to get anywhere. No city buses come near this hotel that make it convenient to get to any desirable locations. The hotel room was not very clean, and some objects in the room were damaged or broken. For example the toilet paper holder literally was barely attached to the wall. Housekeeping did not replenish bathroom supplies. The bedding did not have a fresh feel or smell to it. The continental breakfast was the worst I have ever seen, with only old cereal available and coffee. The only good thing was that the price was low, however, I would recommend paying more for a different hotel.
ID-0893	This Red Roof Inn in North Charleston, South Carolina is pretty inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. The location is terrible. It’s right off the interstate in a very busy, loud commercial area. It should also be noted that it’s not as close to the historic downtown and beach areas in Charleston as you might be lead to believe. We got there a little early and the room wasn’t ready, so we went to a nearby Starbucks for about an hour. We came back after check-in time, and the room still wasn’t ready. They lady at the desk was nice but incompetent. When we finally got into a room, it was what you’d expect from a cheap hotel, and it smelled of cigarettes and cheap cleaning products. I think the worst part of it all was the other clientele there. We had a room on the second floor, which required climbing two flights of stairs. Some very unsavory individuals were always hanging out on the stairs and the landing. It made me really uncomfortable to walk to and from my car. Next time, I’ll pay extra and stay somewhere else.
ID-0817	The hotel has very thin walls and ceiling so you can hear EVERYTHING. You can even hear full conversations word-for-word. Even when we complained to have someone tell the person above us to be quiet, the manager didn't do anything at all. There was a county fair going on with bus fulls of high school kids having a party right outside our door and were shooting off fireworks. However, no one told them to be quiet. All the manager told us was that we could leave (without a refund).
ID-0803	On my way home from a trip with my family, the drive was taking longer than expected, so we decided to stay in a hotel for the evening. It was summer, and there were few vacanies along highway 299, but we felt lucky to find an open spot in a motel, just as darkness was creeping up on us. Unfortunately, there were many obvious reasons for said vacancy. The walls were paper thin, and we could hear the people on the floor above us walk, talk, and urinate. When they turned the shower on, our ceiling suddenly became leaky. The room was small, and dirty, with strange decor. Also, there is a tiny, tacky cage in the parking lot, which claims to have housed Big Foot. Overall, it was a terrible experience.
ID-0811	The Rio hotel is the absolute worst hotel I've stayed in on or just off the strip! It had the worst service! As we would stroll down the rundown hallways the smell of room service dishes and smoke was so dissapointing! The same left over food was left out for our two days stay. We could smell smoke in our rooms from the casino. My husband had trouble sleeping as the neon lights could be seen in our rooms with the curtains drawn. The casino was like an old bar room. Really bad ventilation! Last but not least! It took over sixty minutes to check out!
ID-0987	The Ao Chalong Hotel in Phuket, Thailand was a huge disappointment. We wanted to have a nice, somewhat luxury vacation, me and my two friends. We arrived at a later hour (but had informed the hotel that we would get in later because of our late flight) and the staff was extremely unfriendly. Since there were three of us traveling together it was difficult to find rooms that accommodated three people. However, when we booked with Ao Chalong we specifically stated that we would be three people and need a third bed. From the get go, the hotel had our reservation completely wrong and were extremely disrespectful to us. They made us very uncomfortable and the accommodations were terrible. We could hear everything from the other rooms and the locations were ugly and in terrible state. Stay away from this hotel.
