ID-1029	We recently stayed at the Country Inn and Suites in Mishawaka, IN. It seemed dark and had a musty smell. The indoor swimming pool had debris in it so we didn't even get to use it. The carpet also had stains. I would highly recommend staying at a different hotel in this area if you are looking for something that feels new and fresh.
ID-0933	The prices at this hotel are reasonably cheap, but that doesn't make up for the inconsistency of service here. The atmosphere of the hotel is not exactly what you would call ambiance as it is rather drab, dull and maybe even disheartening. In addition, it can get very noisy even at night, so that you might not be able to sleep despite being inside your room. For a decently priced hotel, they also charge shockingly high prices for food at their restaurant. Don't book this hotel, you can do better.
ID-0907	My husband and I were moving from Colorado to Georgia and were using Super 8 motels almost exclusively because they had a policy of allowing dogs in the rooms. We reserved a room in St. Louis at the Super 8 and were dismayed to hear the manager tell us that he did not allow dogs in the rooms. This was in violation of Super 8 policy. I told the manager this so he said he could give us a room in a special area of the motel. The room he put us in was dirty with stains on the carpet and walls. We were so exhausted from travelling cross country that we took the substandard room so we could be sure our dogs would be safe. This was by far the worst Super 8 we had ever stayed at. The manager lied to us and violated Super 8 policy when the computer clearly indicated that dogs were welcome at this motel.
ID-0921	The Dillon Inn is a nice hotel, but I have a couple of complaints. The rooms were pretty nice, but the water in the showers didn't get as hot as I would like. Also, the staff was not very friendly. When I called the front desk asking for a few extra pillows the front desk person was not very nice, and I had to walk down to get them myself. Other than the lack of hot water, and the somewhat unfriendly staff, the hotel is pretty nice.
ID-0989	In all my travels, Aston Waikiki Circle has to be one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at. Amidst the busy Waikiki Beach, the atmosphere was far from relaxing, although we were minutes away from all the ABC stores in every corner. The parking spaces were miniscule and the hotel needed a major remodel. The website photos were very deceiving because the room was so small and was in disrepair. We booked a penthouse and we got a cheap motel with dated furnitures and beddings. The only positive would have to be the view from the balcony overlooking Waikiki Beach and the amazing time I had with my husband.
ID-0911	Caesars Palace seemed like a natural stop for Vegas. It's somewhat iconic to the location. However, that's what I ended up not really liking about it. It seemed like they were far too focused on being iconic, and not enough on actually being a hotel. It just felt a bit too much like I was in a casino with beds, compared to an actual high quality hotel.
ID-0885	How can I not like sleeping in the happiest place on earth? We for one thing I didn't sleep, at all! The room looked great, with a big high bed and fun decor. But at night my husband and I realized the plush bed was just for show, it was very uncomfortable to lay on. The pillows were like the tiny little airline pillows. I needed 3 under my head just to feel comfortable. We were also disappointed that the hot tub was not working. It was a brisk night and a hot tub dip sounded great, but the water was maybe only 80 degrees. The hot tub was really cute, decorated with the little mermaid. Overall for $300 a night I expect a comfortable bed and a working pool area.
ID-0873	When we reserved a reservation at La Quinta Hotel in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, we expected a decent nights sleep at a fairly decent price. We have stayed at La Quinta before and were always satisfied. This particular hotel is not what we expected. It is run down and dirty in the rooms. Also the noise level was a constant all night with the parties going on in numerous rooms around ours. I wouldn't recommend this to my enemy!
ID-0991	The Ste Marie Marie Antoinette Hotel, now renamed the Hotel Le Marais, is located in the heart of the popular French Quarter of New Orleans. Its location is convenient to the sights of the Quarter. Unfortunately that is the one positive aspect of this tired hotel. The property is in need of a renovation to the rooms and the common space. During my stay the pool was not operational, and the restaurant/bar was not open. The rooms were below average for similarly priced hotels in the French Quarter. The hotel's brochure featured photographs that were either heavily retouched, or taken when the property had seen much better times.
ID-0805	the hotel is very dirtyand its not clean at all it has roaches there.
ID-0895	I hate that motel is cheap noisy very load barly change sheets, ppl tent to break into cars and they barly do anything bout it just sucks...
ID-0905	This hotel is your typical corporate facility, which is ok if you like that type of thing. Centrally located and clean and safe. WHAT I DID NOT LIKE WAS THE EXTRA FEES FOR INTERNET AND THE PRICES OF MEALS IN THE RESTAURANT, THEY WERE OUTRAGEOUS. THANKS, BLF.
ID-0999	I had booked a one week stay at the St. Augustine Beachfront Resort but after the first night I left. To begin they gave me the key to a room filled with other people!!! Can you imagine that!!! Then they sent me to another room that the beds were not made and it was dirty. The third room the key did not work after a long drive the last thing I wanted to deal with was all these problems. We finally got into our room and it was very dirty, the carpets were black the wall paper was peeling, the shower had mildew and worst of all there roaches crawling on the walls. I have never felt so disgusted. When I walked out of the room there were rats crawling in the hallways. There is no beach access, so this is not a beachfront resort like they claim.The office staff is rude and very unprofessional, you can tell they don't care about there jobs at all. This a roach motel not a resort!!
ID-1033	My son and I made a spur of the moment decision to spend the weekend in Virginia Beach. We arrived and saw that the Palm Grove was on the ocean and had a vacancy. I was immediately annoyed when I had to pay for the room upfront. My experience only got worse. The interior is old and worn out- which I could have handles, except my room was also dirty. The floor had not been cleaned, the bed was messy, and there was popcorn in the sheets! Even worse, when I called the desk to change rooms, I was told I could not and after being treated rudely, someone came to clean the room an hour later. I should have left then and there. Needless to say we didn't stay a second night, and I'll never return again.
ID-0961	When I booked my stay, I was not informed that the entire third floor was under construction. We booked a business king room, which is normally on the first floor at other Red Roof Inns. Our room, however, was on the fourth floor. When I called guest services from my room to ask places that delivered food to the hotel, they only recommended the pizza company advertised on the room keys. After calling places myself, I was able to find a Mexican restaurant and Chinese restaurant that were not advertised by the hotel. The hotel boasts of having a 24-hour diner. Do not expect good service at this diner. They do not have fountain beverages and they do not pay attention to their tables. The heated pool advertised was dirty. The only thing good about this hotel is the free shuttle to the airport.
ID-1023	I really didn't like how cheap this motel was. It was somewhat shabby and not very nice sometimes to stay in the main building and was somewhat dark. The place didn't offer as much as I really wanted from a motel.
ID-0835	I went to Syracuse last winter to watch my team play in the Carrier Dome and chose this Econo Lodge because the prices were cheaper (because I found out later that it's in a pretty run-down part of town) and mainly cause most of the better hotels were already booked. I drove up there and arrived pretty late, so I was very tired and ready to get some sleep before the game the next day. After pulling into the small parking lot, I realized after driving around that all the Free Parking spaces were gone, so I had to drive down the street to a paid parking lot. Then, after carrying my luggage all the way to the hotel, I checked in and, in a sleepy haze, threw my stuff down in the room and went to sleep.Not more than two hours later, I woke up from incredible itching on my arms and legs, so I quickly turned on the light and realized how awfully dirty my room was. Then I looked closer at my bed near the sheets and I literally could see many, if not hundreds, of tiny bedbugs crawling everywhere. I immediately ran to the desk, where no one was there of course, and after waiting for 30 minutes for someone to show up, I demanded another room. I then got the new room key, went up to it, and after opening the door, I saw that this new room was no more clean than the last. And yes, there were just as many bedbugs in this bed. I grabbed my stuff and walked back to my car and slept there for the rest of the night. Needless to say, not only will I never visit this Econo Lodge again, I doubt I will ever even visit Syracuse again.
